The Figma MCP server lets Warp agents
pull design data from Figma and turns it
into code scaffolding. To set it up, go
into your Figma account, click your
profile picture, go to settings,
security, and generate a new personal
access token. Give it full read access
in Warp. Open up the MCP panel, paste in
the Figma JSON config, drop in that
access token you got, and hit save. For
this demo, I'm going to use the design
for Warp's redesigned homepage. And in
Figma, I'm going to go ahead and select
the group I want, rightclick, and then
choose copy link to selection. Now,
going into Warp, I've stored a prompt in
Warp Drive called Figma mockup. It tells
the agent to recreate the design in code
and stipulates things like keeping the
original sections, spacing, font sizes,
colors, and general best practices. When
I run it, the MCP server will call get
Figma data and download Figma images.
And then it starts to generate the HTML
and CSS for the entire layout. On
screen, you're going to see it fetching
the design data, generating code files
one by one, and then previewing the
final result in the browser. If I switch
back and forth between the design and
the generated file is surprisingly
close. The header, the feature cards,
and the code generation section are all
there. It is missing a few details like
the gradients and the footer, but this
is an excellent starting point. I find
this to be a huge timesaver for PMs,
designers, or devs who just want to skip
the boilerplate and get to iteration
faster.